Well, see how you die in seven days
Son, they're right
Impersonating Dragon Spike is a semi-death sentence
Can you pretend to be Long Sui?
Mom, don't worry.
At the tenth-level wedding in seven days
I will bring our Chu family back to the peak
Please invite Mrs. Long Shuai Long Shuai to appear
Long Shuai is a talented person
Mrs. Long Shuai's beauty industry is moving
This is indeed a natural couple
So this is Long Shuai and his wife?
Wedding of the Century
Long Shuai loves his wife very much
I want it too.
I heard people say
The wedding of Long Shuai and Long Shuai's wife
The reason why it is called the wedding of the century
Since the turn of the millennium
The whole country and even the whole of Asia
The biggest wedding ever?
The imperial teacher who entered the capital
Governor of Sea City
Even many overseas dignitaries will come to congratulate
It's so grand
I envy Mrs. Long Shuai so much
This Long Shuai is fake.